Updated text + filled in blanks (#2)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/04.results.md

To identify country mentions, we used the following named entities as possible mentions: "organizations", "countries", "states or provinces".
We then mapped the named entity to a country prediction using OpenStreetMap [@https://www.openstreetmap.org].
To identify quotes and speakers, we used the coreNLP quote extraction and attribution annotator.
We performed name normalization ([Methods]) to identify the speaker’s full name for gender and name origin prediction.
We scraped the citations using an independent scraper to the text scraper.
All identified DOI's were queried using the _Springer_ API to attain author names, positions, and affiliations.

We used the author names, positions, and affiliations of Research articles and Letters published by _Nature_ to perform comparative analyses.
Since the news articles of current science, the quoted speakers, mentioned countries, and cited authors should have a similar demographic makeup to contemporaneous _Nature_ authorship.
The author metadata of research-related articles was analyzed over the same period as the news-related articles and totaled 13,414 articles.

> Since the demographic makeup of authors published in _Nature_ may not represent overall science authorship, we also analyzed 36,000 randomly selected _Springer_ published articles from English language journals over the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the demographic makeup of authors published in _Nature_ may not represent overall science authorship, we also analyzed 36,000 randomly selected _Springer_-published articles from English language journals over the same time.
```

This is defined as countries where the difference between citation and mention rates is in the top or bottom 5% per year.
This outlier description allowed us to identify two sets of countries based on their citation and mention rates.
Those with a high relative citation to mention rate were: Germany, Netherlands, Japan, Spain, Denmark, Israel, Sweden, Switzerland, Belgium, Austria, China, South Korea, and Australia.
Those with a low relative citation to mention rate: Canada, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Chile, Indonesia, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Brasil, Philippines, Colombia,  and India.
We removed all countries that were in both the top or bottom 5% in different years, which excluded the United States, France, and the United Kingdom from consideration.
 
We then identified content differences between these two sets of countries by analyzing all of the main text from articles that mentioned and did not cite an author affiliated with each of the specified countries.
After properly identifying high-frequency words across the entire corpus, we identified the top 15 most discriminative terms of each country type ([Methods]).

> Interestingly, we identified that the top 15 words most representative of countries mentioned more were closely related to environmental topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interestingly, we identified that the words most linked with mentioned countries were related to environmental or extractive topics.
```

> The top 5 terms were br, pesticide, dams, spores, and herd (Figure {@fig:fig4}e, Figure {@fig:suppfig4}c,d).

Reviewer: Can we figure out where "br" comes from? It is the only term that is not a word.

Reviewer: also "bt" in looking at the figure

Author: br comes from unstripped HTML tags. All HTML tags are now stripped. Bt comes from a type of cotton and corn. Updated figure will be added soon.

Author: also, just to note, "ES" is from human embryonic stem (ES) cells

Author: ok the word ratios are finally updated. The updated figure is here: 
![Screen Shot 2021-06-04 at 11 12 04](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1885501/120839037-b4a36100-c525-11eb-8db1-6379c4751f8c.png)

 I did a few tweaks:

1.  Previously I only ran the bootstrap on the top 15 most divergent words by class. After seeing that the bootstraps had high variance, I thought that it would be better to run the bootstraps on all words, then only depict the top 15 per class. This is why some words have disappeared (Bt, Sierra, ES). However, I think the main results are strengthened. We have more agricultural-related words in the "Mention" class.
2. This analysis is now run using a cached word frequency file instead of the raw (copyrighted) files. This is so we ensure the figures are reproducible with the data provided on github.

> In contrast, we find that the top 5 words most related to countries with a higher citation than mention rate were associated with biological or medical terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, we find that the words most related to countries with a higher citation than mention rate were science or research-related ones.
```
